My First day of my college in ABES ENGINERING COLLEGE GHAZIYABAD . 
The word 'college' is itself charming .It gives new hopes, new asprirations and new ideas.It certainly provides a new life and new exprience .The day my High School result was out ,
my parents decided to get me admittd in some good college. On 20th number,my father look me to S.M. college,Chandausi.
  The college is famous for its excellent results and good teaching.We went to the principal's office and i was surprised to see that he was a through gentleman who heard us with a sweet 
   smile.He asked me two or three questions and issued the admission form.My father filled it in.Then the principal wrote something on my form and i had to go to teacher.There my 
   psychological test was taken and a note was sent to the principle.He discussed the note with my father in detail.

It was then finally agreed upon that I should offer Art as an optional subject. I have a special taste for this subject.My father was not in favour of this  subject.His opinion was that it 
would not serve any important purpose in future .The principal explained to him the utility of thr subject.He insisted upon it because of the result of the psychological test.This was the 
special feature of S.M. college.

                                Hundred of people were coming over there for admission of their wards in diffrent classes.The admission in that was not esay only the selected boys were 
admitted the arangement were nice gurgines were in greeted at every stage. There was perfect diciplne in the college .The aggrangement of senitration drinking water ,cycle stand extcra was
 higly appreciable .
                    I was surprised to see that teaching  in  some classes had started on the very  first day. There were final classs.Iwere over joied to note that many of my friennds had 
also taken admission in the same college. The simpathetic approach of teachers towards students was also a rich exprience to me. My wish to offer art was full filled and this was the greatest
 plasure to me.
                The entire business was finished at About  11 AM . The fee was deposited with the class teacher . He imideatily issued a receipt fot it and gave certain acts of advice.
The list of book was also given to me by him. I also head a talk with other boys of the class and they were mostly good. Some of them were old student of the college .they had passed hidh
school from tht very insttution. They spoke admireavly of  the taeching  and discipline of the college.Thus i returened home happiely with some of my friends . It was new exprience to me . I 
can notforget that day in my life.

                           
                       #// MY FAVOURITE HOBBY //  
           Hobby is a kind of amusement.If is a person's  favourite pastime.A thing in which we are most interested may be our hobby.Hobby does not mean the main business.It is a thing which 
 we take up for amusement in our spare time.Thus it is quite different from the main business.The main object of a hobby is to give pleasure and delight.
    There are different kinds of hobbies .Photoghaphy , noble reading,stamp collection ,music , gardning and painting are some of them. Hobby are chosen by personns according to there tastes 
and temprament.What one likes may not be like by another.One man's food is another man's poission.The same is true is of hobbies .
     Music is my favorite hobby.I am a lover of music. Music is my life and breeth. I can live with out music.It gives me a pleasure delight.Itgives me a new life. It is the best kind of
 amusement for me.